Our television critics discussed the highs and lows of the 69th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards. Read their analysis and reactions to the nominees and winners.
A guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's much more where these came from.
Guitars may seem to matter less than ever. But just beneath the mainstream, dozens of female bands are making some of the most acclaimed, urgent, politically relevant music around.
The element of alienation in the works at the first Triennial of the International Center of Photography may leave you feeling a little melancholic.
Looking at this selection of German art at the Neue Galerie, it's hard not to think about the background of creative ferment that culminated in the rise of Nazism.
Gregory Hines, master of classical tap, became an unusually successful crossover actor in theater, film and television.
A selection of art from the nearly pitch-perfect show at the American Folk Art Museum.
The 15 women who have played Sally Bowles in the Roundabout Theater Company's revival of "Cabaret" have been known for their work on the small or large screens.
Museums in Washington have never looked better, with strong exhibits ranging from still lifes to textiles shown under optimal conditions.
A selection of sculptures and paintings that can be found in New York City's parks and museums this summer.
Max Beckmann's works of paradoxical genius from his show at the Museum of Modern Art.
The Metropolitan Museum show teems with treasures of neo-Classical terra-cotta sculpture, from rough preliminary sketches to completely finished models.
An exhibit of Trisha Brown's artistic collaborations at the New Museum of Contemporary Art reflects the choreographer's lifelong preoccupations.
Brooklyn's artists and its spaces have attitude, a we-won't-grow-up sense of community. Here's a look at some of Brooklyn's offerings.
The Guggenheim show exhibits sculptures, installations and photographs, as well as Matthew Barney's "Cremaster" film cycle.
Some of Jean-Antoine Houdon's true-to-life, three-dimensional likenesses.
The Lois and Richard Rosenthal Center for Contemporary Art in Cincinnati, designed by Zaha Hadid, is the most important American building completed since the end of the cold war.
Tempests and sun storms sweep through this enchanting exhibition at the Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute in Williamstown, Mass.
Frish Brandt and Jeffrey Fraenkel of the Fraenkel Gallery in San Francisco believe that one way to really see a photograph is to look at it with others.
Group shows are proliferating this weekend with an array of artworks that reveal the quickening, centrifugal vitality of contemporary art.
Images from the exhibition "In the Spirit of Martin," at the Smithsonian's S. Dillon Ripley Center in Washington.
Who plays whom in the revival of Stephen Sondheim's "Assassins."
The engrossing exhibit of Mayan sculptures and textiles at the National Gallery of Art in Washington reveals a culture addicted to power, conflict and human sacrifice.
Selections from the Brooklyn Museum's three-prong exhibit in its newly renovated Hall of the Americas.
A look at who came out for the Golden Globes and what they were wearing.
As a prime center of Islamic art and culture, Iraq's treasures are at risk from war.
A selection  of images from "Painters of Reality," now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
It can be surprising how something changes when seen one place, then another. We would do well to look twice at the painter's work.
Chicago's 24.5-acre Millennium Park, opening this week, is a sculpture garden on steroids, filled with large, challenging works chosen by wealthy donors.
Democratic convention delegates can attain historical persepective on the election by walking the city's streets and stopping by its museums and galleries.
A selection of the photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson's portraits. Mr. Cartier-Bresson, who used his camera to become one of the major artists of the 20th century, died on Tuesday. He was 95.
The Cornerstone Festival of Gardens in Sonoma County is the first gallery-style exhibition of avant-garde landscape architecture in the United States.
Nydia Lugo discusses moving from Puerto Rico to New York. (In English and Spanish)
The Golden Globes is one of the biggest Hollywood parties of the year and one of its most star-studded evenings, as awards are handed out for movies and television shows.
Two shows of Incan and American Indian art in Chicago reveal the prehistoric past in their objects regardless of who speaks for them.
