Sunreef in Australia is offering a trip in which participants swim with humpback whales.
Travelers can participate in grape and olive harvests at a property in Tuscany owned by Sting and his wife, Trudie Styler.
Prime Hospitality Group has partnerships with luxury resorts for kosher dining and a range of activities for Jewish holidays.
Each of the 36 rooms in NYAH (Not Your Average Hotel) in Key West, Fla., can be customized according to the number of guests, thanks to modular furniture that can be rearranged.
A weekly capsule of travel news curated by our writers and editors.
Smithsonian Journeys and Audley Travel have formed a partnership to create specialized trips for clients.
A weekly capsule of travel news curated by our writers and editors.
How striking up conversations, asking for advice and listening closely can transform your trip.
Rime-encrusted trees on the high fells of Lapland look like surreal sculptures.
A major element in the seasonal fun factor, summer drinks are serious business with this very cool equipment.
As the days draw in, northeast Spain settles down to savor its own food, drink and architecture.
If darkness falls, these items will help you pass the time.
When the heat is on, get out of the gym and into the swim with exercise equipment that gives you all the benefits of fitness training without the sore muscles and aching joints.
Just a few extra things to give your hotel room the cozy flavor of home.
Kosher Casas gives travelers access to more than 80 rental villas in Costa Rica that are fully koshered.
For soccer moms, fall means filling the car trunk with special supplies. In this survival kit: tools to save backs, throats, 
clothes and memories.
Frette robes, scented candles and plunge pools spell luxury at a mountainside retreat near Phoenix.
The historic Markthalle Neun in Berlin has a number of food events, including a wide-ranging festival this week.
Head to the hills. This season's ski gear will keep you on piste.
In Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, lava forms a mesmerizing display.
Notre-Dame is grand, but modern architecture continues to set the tone of the city.
For the best looking mud room in town.
Motorcyclists are using an array of devices to increase their safety and help them stand out in traffic.
The next generation of hotel smartphone applications is proving more powerful than the first, giving guests incentives to download them, if only for the length of their trips.
Cycling gear that is light, aerodynamic, and above all, comfortable.
In the Outer Hebrides, a rugged land of locks, country lanes and friendly inns.
At the height of summer, nothing makes a splash like a drinks party at your weekend house.
The 25-year-old bike touring company Ciclismo Classico has created a series of photography tours in northwest Argentina.
The dramatic location of this sprawling Alaskan city, between mountains and saltwater, means adventure is always nearby.
Bike trips in Utah from TerraVelo Tours will feature long-distance riding and luxury camping.
Two new high-end carriers, La Compagnie and BizCharters, began flying this summer.
Celebrating the spirit in southwest France.
Here are a few questions, culled from recent articles from our Travel Tips collection, to test your travel savvy.
